[IMP] odoo_sh doc update (#1597)
odoo/documentation: content/administration/odoo_sh/advanced/submodules.rst

If you're adding a repository that contains a lot of modules, you may want to ignore some of them in case there are any
that are installed automatically. To do so, you can prefix your submodule folder with a :code:`.`. The platform will
ignore this folder and you can hand pick your modules by creating symlinks to them from another folder.

> This symlink has to be done within your github repository. Do not try to create the symlink wth the container.

Reviewer: - note
- cap letters GitHub
- typo ("with")

```suggestion

.. note::
   This symlink has to be done within your GitHub repository. Do not try to create the symlink
   with the container.```
